the factory is closed has been few years
how much call for ice anymore with all
those newfangled refrigerators save it
for someone who wants to hear it
how many janitors carry a gat that's one
way of announcing we're here
give it up Finkelstein the
brother-in-law will get you a good
lawyer
come and get me if you want some
daylight for that suited your girl off
the guns make some space here
how long do you think you can hold out
five to cover every from goddamn cover
push forward stay down stay in cover
give me some space here stay in cover
they're all dead Finkelstein leave the
weapon and put your hands up now
put my hand stuff sure then what prop
the peddling the dope cut a deal shit me
up to the cue soon as they get locked up
some old friend was a a nice pic above
my ear no thanks only one other way out
shit heel let's have a look around now
that we've finally got some peace and
quiet I think I've had enough ice for
one day this stuff has got to be worth
at least a hundred grand
so Finkelstein robbed the ship my guess
is Lenny took it off their hands this is
big this is gonna make the papers Phelps
as senior investigator I'll do the
talking
well well who would have thought that
Roy Earl's hand-picked new partner would
have turned out to be such a great case
man this is a good result Phelps as far
as we can tell Lindy the Fink was moving
the morphine across the city and as far
north as Frisco
this makes the feds very happy and it
makes Mickey Cohen look bad I won't lie
to you kid I like the headlines I like
him a lot you keep this squad the papers
and we'll get along just fine
you